Prepare changelog for 1.9.0 (#3859)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## Version 1.9.0 (unreleased):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version 1.10.0 (unreleased):
## Version 1.9.0 2021-11-11:
```

### General

> - IMPORTANT: Remove deprecated `io.opentelemetry:opentelemetry-proto` module. Java bindings for OTLP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IMPORTANT: The deprecated `io.opentelemetry:opentelemetry-proto` module was removed. Java bindings for OTLP
```

  available at maven coordinates `io.opentelemetry.proto:opentelemetry-proto`.

### API

- New `AttributesBuilder#remove(String)` and `AttributeBuilder#removeIf(Predicate<AttributeKey<?>>)`
  methods improve ergonomics of modifying attributes.
- `W3CBaggagePropagator` now encodes baggage values in URL encoded UTF-8 format, per
  the [W3C Baggage Specification](https://w3c.github.io/baggage/).

### SDK

- `DelegatingSpanData` has been promoted from incubation and is now available in the Trace SDK.
  The `DelegatingSpanData` class in
  the `io.opentelemetry:opentelemetry-sdk-extension-tracing-incubator` module is now deprecated.

#### Exporters

- The prometheus metric exporter now includes the `time_unix_nano` representing the epoch timestamp
  when collection occurred.
- The OTLP `grpc` exporters (`OtlpGrpcSpanExporter`, `OtlpGrpcLogExporter`,
  and `OtlpGrpcMetricExporter`) now include a default client implementation (`okhttp`). If a `grpc`
  implementation is detected on the classpath it will be used, but the exporters now work "out of
  the box" with no additional dependencies.

#### SDK Extensions

> - IMPORTANT: Remove deprecated `io.opentelemetry:opentelemetry-sdk-extension-async-processor`
>   module. This module is now published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IMPORTANT: The deprecated `io.opentelemetry:opentelemetry-sdk-extension-async-processor`
  module was removed. This module is now published
```
